9/27 (#127)
dolthub/weekly-updates: emails/2024-09-27.md

[![Git for Data](../images/git-for-data-2024.png)](https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2024-09-24-git-for-data/)

This won't shock any of you but we still think Dolt is the one true Git for data. 

### JSON Showdown: Dolt vs Postgres

[Prolly trees](https://docs.dolthub.com/architecture/storage-engine/prolly-tree) are great for storing JSON. We've been writing blog articles to convince you. First, we designed a JSON benchmark and [compared Dolt to MySQL using that benchmark](https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2024-09-09-json-mysql-vs-dolt/). Dolt surpassed MySQL rather handily so we decided to take on a heftier challenge: Postgres, the undisputed champion of open source SQL databases. [Dolt compares favorably to Postgres](https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2024-09-22-json-postgres-vs-dolt/) as well especially for large JSON objects. If you have a database use case with a lot of JSON, consider building with Dolt.

### Flutter Works With Dolt

> We're on a mission to show that [Dolt just works](https://docs.dolthub.com/guides/dolt-tested-apps) with all your favorite tools in all your favorite languages. This week, [the spotlight](https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2024-09-20-flutter-and-dolt/) is on [Flutter](https://flutter.dev/), a Google-sponsored, open source framework powered by [Dart](https://dart.dev/) for building beautiful, natively compiled, multi-platform applications from a single codebase. The article come complete with [sample code](https://github.com/dolthub/dolt-flutter-example). We're waiting with bated breath for the first Dolt backed an iPhone app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're on a mission to show that [Dolt just works](https://docs.dolthub.com/guides/dolt-tested-apps) with all your favorite tools in all your favorite languages. This week, [the spotlight](https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2024-09-20-flutter-and-dolt/) is on [Flutter](https://flutter.dev/), a Google-sponsored, open source framework powered by [Dart](https://dart.dev/) for building beautiful, natively compiled, multi-platform applications from a single codebase. The article comes complete with [sample code](https://github.com/dolthub/dolt-flutter-example). We're waiting with bated breath for the first Dolt backed iPhone app.
```
